You acknowledge that this Privacy Policy is part of our Terms of Service Terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Terms of Service (the “Terms”).


1. What information do we collect from you?
*We do not receive any information from you

2. How do we use the information collected?
*We do not use it anywhere because there is no information

3. Do we use cookies or other tracking technologies?
*We use your location again to pick up your location from your device and send it to you

4. With whom do we share your information?
*We do not share your information with any institution

5. How do we keep your information secure?
We do not have any information to from you.

7.Advertising
Ads appearing on our services may be delivered to Users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. These cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile non personal identification information about you or others who use your computer. This information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. This privacy policy does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.

8.Google Adsense
Some of the ads may be served by Google. Google’s use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to Users based on their visit to our Site and other sites on the Internet. DART uses “non personally identifiable information” and does NOT track personal information about you, such as your name, email address, physical address, etc. You may opt out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google ad and content network privacy policy at http://www.google.com/privacy_ads.html

9.Third party websites
Users may find advertising or other content on our Services that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. We do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for the practices employed by websites linked to or from our Services. In addition, these sites or services, including their content and links, may be constantly changing. These sites and services may have their own privacy policies and customer service policies. Browsing and interaction on any other website, including websites which have a link to our Services, is subject to that website’s own terms and policies.

9.Permissions
Location: We use your location again to pick up your location from your device and send it to you

* view network connections
* full network access

10. Questions
If you have any questions regarding our Privacy Policy and/or practices, please feel free to contact us by sending an email.
